docs/intro.md, before:

---
sidebar_position: 1
---

# Tutorial Intro

Let's discover **Docusaurus in less than 5 minutes**.

## Getting Started

Get started by **creating a new site**.

Or **try Docusaurus immediately** with **[docusaurus.new](https://docusaurus.new)**.

### What you'll need

- [Node.js](https://nodejs.org/en/download/) version 18.0 or above:
  - When installing Node.js, you are recommended to check all checkboxes related to dependencies.

## Generate a new site

Generate a new Docusaurus site using the **classic template**.

The classic template will automatically be added to your project after you run the command:

```bash
npm init docusaurus@latest my-website classic
```

You can type this command into Command Prompt, Powershell, Terminal, or any other integrated terminal of your code editor.

The command also installs all necessary dependencies you need to run Docusaurus.

## Start your site

Run the development server:

```bash
cd my-website
npm run start
```

The `cd` command changes the directory you're working with. In order to work with your newly created Docusaurus site, you'll need to navigate the terminal there.

The `npm run start` command builds your website locally and serves it through a development server, ready for you to view at http://localhost:3000/.

Open `docs/intro.md` (this page) and edit some lines: the site **reloads automatically** and displays your changes.

Commit message:

Change overview.md to intro.md

docs/intro.md, after:

---
sidebar_position: 1
---


# Overview

Open Atlas Vantage is the EUDR analysis tool, designed to assess the compliance status of source-commodity production locations with respect to the European Union Deforestation Regulation (EUDR).

# **Interface**

Vantage provides the API to cover the entire flow of deforestation and location-specific legislation risk assessment. The API allows you to:

- Register the plot of land. This includes both polygon and point geolocation.
- Run risk assessment for selected plots of land.
- Retrieve risk assessment results in the form of calculated values and visual representation.

The API allows running analysis globally and at scale.

![Example of the visual representation of risk assessment.](./img/visual-results.png)

Example of the visual representation of risk assessment.

:::tip Information

To access Vantage API, you must provide the username and the password.

[Please get in touch with us](https://www.open-atlas.com/contact) to learn more and access the product.

:::

# **Tokens**

Once you have your account set up, you have a dedicated number of tokens to perform risk assessment. At OpenAtlas, we aim to provide transparent pricing to ensure a straightforward integration. Therefore, for each registered plot, we explicitly provide the number of tokens that will take to run the risk assessment.

You can always access information about the currently available and reserved tokens.

# **Documentation Overview**

The Vantage documentation provides articles with detailed information about registering the geolocation of plots of land, risk assessment and the end-to-end tutorial on how to run EUDR risk assessment at scale using Vantage API. Additionally, there is an API reference documentation with all the details about every endpoint.
